i am jason lemkin
i'm the facilitator behind the sasser
community um
and i'm very grateful to everyone that
has come this year and
been part of this sort of first
inaugural saster annual which is great
in retrospect this event kind of seems
like a no-brainer
the world of sas is unique but there's
some common threads
why we create the wheel if someone
already has success why not learn from
them to share best practices
i think that's so unique is the amount
of collaboration that goes on we're all
in this fun struggle to kind of push
this boulder up the hill
and have people that have already pushed
it up the hill helping you that's the
whole point of this
you connect with people it has to be
authentic sas entrepreneurs just have a
huge hunger
for learning you know they have huge
hunger for education for networking
and saster is really pulling the sas
community together in a powerful way
the ability to connect with people is
invaluable
and that is about the future
going through founding a company is
probably the most effective way to learn
about yourself
be patient you don't need to be in a
rush to make your company
like huge and hire a bunch of people
right away build a great product but
don't stop there
build a great organization because it's
the sas companies that succeed not sas
products
don't listen to all the naysayers and
the debbie downers and the negative
folks just stay focused on what works
[Music]
that if you can get a cohort of people
experiencing and going through the same
problem and put them together
so they can actually talk amongst each
other as they're learning things
that's really powerful if i was in the
audience i'd be stealing pieces from
everyone
the community is at the core of defining
not only who you are as a business but
who you could be
it's never been a better time to be a
software developer
because you can literally change the
world with a text editor being done
now is maybe the best of times and it's
a 10 in sas
if you didn't come you missed something
if you did come you know that you have
to come again
no question when coming here every year
if i can find other people that i can
share these stories with and they can
give me some advice
that's incredible building saster has
been an order of magnitude harder
than i ever anticipated
i think all founders go through these
same
set of journeys the fact that we all
almost failed that we almost went
bankrupt multiple times
it's hard